app/content/projects/music/album-suiteapoc.md, before:

---
id: album-suiteapoc
title: Suite Apocalyptique
artist: Jonathan Lipps
image: music/album-suiteapoc.png
tags:
    - music
    - theology
type: album
date: '2007-03-03'
---

I wrote this album while on sabbatical at [Schloss
Mittersill](https://www.schloss-mittersill.com/), a castle in the Austrian alps not far from
Kitzbuhel. The castle used to be an intentional Christian community (in some ways not unlike
a monastery) devoted to retreat and study. It's now a hotel! Anyway, this oddly titled album was
inspired by NT Wright's [Christian Origins and the Question of
God](https://www.goodreads.com/series/70497-christian-origins-and-the-question-of-god) series, an
important work on the origins of the Christian religion within its historical and cultural
contexts. The album is thus accompanied by a [tiny
essay](/_public/downloads/suite-apocalyptique.pdf).

The process of writing and recording these theologically-oriented songs was magical, and unlike
anything I've experienced before or since. Playing on an old piano in a grand castle hall, or
singing vocal lines in a stone chapel in the castle wall, my breath frosting in the midwinter
night---unparalleled! Sadly I just had a set of SM-57s and a cheap USB-powered digital audio unit,
so I couldn't do full justice to the physical and spiritual context. But the songs themselves,
despite being super stripped-down arrangements of piano and vocals, remain powerful artifacts of
that sabbatical for me. Downloads coming soon! Cover design by Chris Nyffeler.

Commit message:

add bandcamp link to SA

app/content/projects/music/album-suiteapoc.md, after:

---
id: album-suiteapoc
title: Suite Apocalyptique
artist: Jonathan Lipps
image: music/album-suiteapoc.png
tags:
    - music
    - theology
type: album
link: https://jlipps.bandcamp.com/album/suite-apocalyptique
links:
    Bandcamp: https://jlipps.bandcamp.com/album/suite-apocalyptique
date: '2007-03-03'
---

I wrote this album while on sabbatical at [Schloss
Mittersill](https://www.schloss-mittersill.com/), a castle in the Austrian alps not far from
Kitzbuhel. The castle used to be an intentional Christian community (in some ways not unlike
a monastery) devoted to retreat and study. It's now a hotel! Anyway, this oddly titled album was
inspired by NT Wright's [Christian Origins and the Question of
God](https://www.goodreads.com/series/70497-christian-origins-and-the-question-of-god) series, an
important work on the origins of the Christian religion within its historical and cultural
contexts. The album is thus accompanied by a [tiny
essay](/_public/downloads/suite-apocalyptique.pdf).

The process of writing and recording these theologically-oriented songs was magical, and unlike
anything I've experienced before or since. Playing on an old piano in a grand castle hall, or
singing vocal lines in a stone chapel in the castle wall, my breath frosting in the midwinter
night---unparalleled! Sadly I just had a set of SM-57s and a cheap USB-powered digital audio unit,
so I couldn't do full justice to the physical and spiritual context. But the songs themselves,
despite being super stripped-down arrangements of piano and vocals, remain powerful artifacts of
that sabbatical for me. Mixed/mastered by David Lipps. Cover design by Chris Nyffeler.
