---
id: about-bio
image: about-bio.jpg
title: Biographical Ramblings
---

It's a bit hard to say where I'm from. Before I was 6 years old I'd lived in Arizona, California,
and Papua New Guinea. I spent my growing-up years in a little town outside of Dallas called [Cedar
Hill, TX](http://www.cedarhilltx.com/). When we moved there it was a small town of about 10,000,
but since I moved away it has become a booming suburbopolis, replete with all the big box stores
your heart desires and very little of the small town charm I remember.

Anyway, I finished up high school in Orlando, FL, and went off to college in sunny California at
Stanford University in Palo Alto (BA/MA in [Philosophy](/philosophy)). After finishing these degrees in 2004,
I stuck around Palo Alto, lived with friends in a kind of intentional community, and cut my career
teeth as a freelance software developer for tech startups. At one point I took a sabbatical and
spent the better part of a year in Kenya at a children's home in Nyeri, helping to start various
programs for the kids there.

In 2009 I got the chance to live out a lifelong dream and started another graduate degree at Oxford
University in the UK. This time my studies were in "General Linguistics and Comparative Philology",
which is pretty badass according to me. I was all set to start a PhD in Linguistics at the
University of Chicago in 2011, but at the last minute decided to start a software company in San
Francisco instead. I lived in San Francisco for 5 years and it was an amazing season of working for
exciting tech startups, including some of my own projects. During that time I wrote the popular
[Appium](https://appium.io) automation software which has since become a long-lived and much-loved
(or much-bemoaned, depending on who you're talking to) open source project. I've had the good
fortune to develop a very satisfying software development career based around Appium!

In 2016, my then-partner and I moved to beautiful Vancouver, BC. I still live in Vancouver with our
son, enjoying all the amazing things that the Pacific Northwest has to offer. My days are spent
working in tech and trying/failing to stay on top of all the projects this site details.

